---
title: "Harbor Joins CNCF"
author:
  name: "Harbor Team"
  company: "VMware"
description: "Project Harbor has joined the Cloud Native Computing Foundation"
date: 2018-07-31T12:00:00+04:00
showPageInfo: true
---

Today we are thrilled to announce that Harbor has become an official top-level
CNCF project, joining the ranks of other widely-used cloud native projects
like Rook, SPIFFE, Spire, Open Policy Agent, CloudEvents and Telepresence.
Harbor will enter the CNCF as a sandbox project as we continue to add features
and functionality desired by our community.

Harbor would simply not be where it is today if it wasn’t for our community’s
engagement through issues, pull requests, discussions, code, documentation,
and many other contributions. Since being open sourced in 2016, we’ve seen the
number of users and contributors rapidly rise and a codebase that started in
2014 as a humble side-project has grown beyond our initial expectations.
Perhaps most humbling is the vast array of individuals and organizations that
have joined our user community and put their trust in Harbor.

Despite our successes, the journey really begins now. With the CNCF’s support,
we hope to see involvement in Harbor increase even more. Our team
fundamentally believes that Harbor finding a home in a vendor-neutral Open
Source community like the CNCF will enable and prompt contributors from all
walks to jump in contribute and help make Harbor project better than ever.

I’d encourage you to join us: let’s hack on some code. Let’s squash bugs.
Let’s debate the technical merits of new and exciting features. Let’s make
Harbor the best cloud native registry available.

A special thanks to the community members that have gotten us to where we are
and supported us along the way–too many to list here. We’d also like to extend
our deepest gratitude to Ken Owens and Quinton Hoole who both sponsored our
proposal in the TOC and shepherded us through the donation process.

